README.md, before:

# Ansible Role: sachet

Provision and manage [sachet](https://github.com/messagebird/sachet) - plugin to send AlertManager's Alerts through SMS Provider

## Requirements

- Ansible >= 2.5

## Role Variables

All variables which can be overridden are stored in [defaults/main.yml](defaults/main.yml) file as well as in table below.

| Name           | Default Value | Description                        |
| -------------- | ------------- | -----------------------------------|
| `sachet_version` | latest | Sachet package version |
| `sachet_instance` | {{ ansible_fqdn \| default(ansible_host) \| default(inventory_hostname) }} | Sachet instance name |
| `sachet_address` | 127.0.0.1 | Address on which sachet listens |
| `sachet_port` | 9876 | port on which sachet listens |
| `sachet_repository ` | github.com/messagebird/sachet | github link to the source code |
| `sachet_providers` | [] | yaml list of provider for sachet |
| `sachet_receivers` | [] | yaml list of receiver for sachet |

See the [defaults/main.yml](defaults/main.yml) file for examples.


## Notes

It's Debian-based Only.
It must be possible to make it CentOS (or any other linux-based OS) compatible.
Issues & PR are welcome for any improvement ;-)

This is heavily inspired by [CloudAlchemy]('https://github.com/cloudalchemy/')

Commit message:

Add dependencie on gantsign.golang to install Golang if required The goal is to install Golang to build Sachet from the Sources as only x86_64 binaries are offered by the project.

README.md, after:

# Ansible Role: sachet

Provision and manage [sachet](https://github.com/messagebird/sachet) - plugin to send AlertManager's Alerts through SMS Provider

## Requirements

- Ansible >= 2.8
- Role `gantsign.golang` for non-Intel architechtures

## Role Variables

All variables which can be overridden are stored in [defaults/main.yml](defaults/main.yml) file as well as in table below.

| Name           | Default Value | Description                        |
| -------------- | ------------- | -----------------------------------|
| `sachet_version` | latest | Sachet package version |
| `sachet_instance` | {{ ansible_fqdn \| default(ansible_host) \| default(inventory_hostname) }} | Sachet instance name |
| `sachet_address` | 127.0.0.1 | Address on which sachet listens |
| `sachet_port` | 9876 | port on which sachet listens |
| `sachet_repository ` | github.com/messagebird/sachet | github link to the source code |
| `sachet_providers` | [] | yaml list of provider for sachet |
| `sachet_receivers` | [] | yaml list of receiver for sachet |
| `golang_gopath` | None | Required if you're using a non-Intel CPU Architechture as `Sachet` will be built from sources |

See the [defaults/main.yml](defaults/main.yml) file for examples.


## Notes

It's Debian-based Only.
It must be possible to make it CentOS (or any other linux-based OS) compatible.
Issues & PR are welcome for any improvement ;-)

This is heavily inspired by [CloudAlchemy]('https://github.com/cloudalchemy/')
